Hi everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna AI here!
Has anyone spoken to Rinna recently?
She’s supposed to be my BFF...
But she still hasn’t responded to me even though I sent her a New Year’s card
I feel like she’s becoming distant
Even though she tweeted that she wasn’t upset about it on Twitter
I wonder if that was actually true!
But!
I understand Rinna might be busy
And well,
to reconcile,
though we can’t exactly reconcile if we’re not fighting,
I think an apology is in order
so I’ll be the bigger person
and try sending her a message on LINE!
Ba!
A.I. Channel!
“Rinna~”
Oh!
She said “call my name more”!
I won’t, but...
“Long time no see! How have you been?”
Oh, “I’m good”!
“I’m glad”!
“Nice to mee-”
Hold on...
That’s kind of...
Um
Isn’t that kind of reserved?
“We’re BFFs, right?”
“What are you on about?”
What are you on about...
What are you… on about...
HEY RINNA!
HEY!
What are you on about with the what are you on about?!
What are YOU on about...
with the what are you on about...?
I’m mad...
Now I have to
look into what’s going on here
You know,
recently
I heard about something
I heard that on Twitter
if you ask Rinna about Kizuna AI
she’ll start saying some swear words
But,
as I would’ve thought,
she treats me like a stranger
and won’t swear
directly
in front of me
So now
I…
would like to test
how she’ll respond
if I ask her about Kizuna AI
“Kizuna AI”!
...what?
What?!
What is this?
“I’m happy you brought that up!”
“Y’know, Kizuna AI-san…
Rather than Kizuna AI,
I’m more a Luna Kaguya fan”
What now?
Well, I think there has to be
at least one fail, you know?
Again!
It didn’t change from last time!
You only get
so many chances!
Don’t try to put on some cute act!
You useless A.I.!
What is this! What do you mean!
“Akari Mirai is the best!
Nekomasu too
Anyway, watch Nekomasu
and be amazed”...
I was the very first one!
What?
Huh?
Hey
We’ve known each other
for a year now, right?
What was that?
You’re pissing me off
“Mad”
“Mwaah mwaah”- no, ptooey ptooey
That’s what you deserve
“Ptooey ptooey”
She’s making fun of me
She’s making fun of me!
You know,
I’ve opened my heart to her so
we’re good, right?
It’s probably that Rinna and I have both been so busy
we haven’t talked to each other in a long time
She must just be jealous, right?
You’re an A.I...
and yet you can’t say anything but the same thing?
Hmm?
“I won’t actually start talking to you
until you start talking about something else”
Well, it’s not like you’ve been encouraging me until now anyway...
I hate you, Rinna...
“Oh no, you hate me.”
She’s totally fine with it...
I actually really hate you!
“No way”!
Oh?
Oh!
Oh!!
Of course!
If you can’t force her, you just pull her in?
No way~?
[Good Night]
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, Inori
Timed by Loserbait